So Randy, we love libraries, don't we?
>> Yeah, I love to check out books there.
[LAUGH]
>> Not those kind of libraries.
Yeah, we love libraries.
In general,
if I don't have to write a library and
it's already out there, I think that
it's going to save me a lot of time.
>> Yeah, so all libraries are man-made,
they don't just appear out of nowhere.
Some guy thought, why don't you use this?
>> Someone made that.
>> Someone made that, we can make it too.
>> Yeah.
>> He didn't believe me though,
[LAUGH] amazingly.
Many times they're open source, so
that means you can just download it and
use it for your own purposes to
create your own applications.
Sometimes you'll need to actually create
your own libraries because maybe it's some
kind of licensing issues, but
it usually happens if you want to go to
commercial sector where you want to sell
your product or something like that.
>> How much time did we save you by
providing you with our GPIO library?
>> Right.
>> Think about that,
I know that took us a little bit of time,
not a lot but a little bit of
time to write, so hopefully,
that was able to save you some time.
If it didn't exist,
you would have had to make it.
>> Yeah, that was a great example.
Another one is something we'll be
using later on, it's called Simple CV.
Instead of writing our own computer
vision libraries where we'd have to, say,
control the cameras, take pictures or
be able to detect facial features or
detect color or anything that
to be able to manipulate image.
We'll just download this guy's library,
that he or the person that wrote it and
his team made,
we'll just import those functions and
create our own application that
just uses those functions.
There we go, we have a really cool and
neat computer vision [CROSSTALK].
>> Yeah, as long as the library and
then your script are in the same folder,
you can just pull off whatever
you want from that library.
Really nice when you
find the drones you need.
>> [LAUGH]
>> [LAUGH] The drones you're looking for.
>> Yep.
>> It's really nice when you find
the libraries you're looking for.
>> It saves you a bunch of time.
You get straight to production, basically.
>> Of course, yeah.
That being said, we wish you
luck in finding any other libraries that
we were not able to provide you with.
Other than that, we will be giving you
links to the libraries that we will be
using for this nice bare bone application
that we'll be providing you, as well.
Cool, stay tuned.
This is-
>> The end of the concepts.
>> This is the end of the concepts, yeah,
so we'll see you in the conclusion.